There are some default IIIF manifests and images preloaded.
This is an example of a manifest. Manifests hold multiple tiled (IIIF) images in one file.
To annotate those images click on the appropriate thumbnail.
This is an example of an JPG image. Non-tiled images do not zoom as smoothly as tiled images but they still work.
The application works with png, svg, bmp, and jpg images. Other images types may work but have not been tested.
When creating annotations make sure to hold down the Shift key and drag, otherwise the annotation will not be created.
This is an example of a IIIF tiled image.
You can create polygon shapes as well as regular rectangular annotations.
To finish a polygon shape double click.